well now let's go to twitter okay now let's
go to twitter and let's
see the arguments that I had these
days with the wines
first corrector youtube
how good I don't know if the bread visited I don't know
what is worn by the mambises okay in
fact it has a lot to do with
the cr with the [ __ ] of that ere
that now we're going to go to him with the
[ __ ] of that ere by corrector
youtube it is taken to put I have seen it
on twitter that they have quite a few
relationships and also then corrector
youtube a
few days ago put this video
this young churri is today he was left
without recess and I want you to always copy
it on the blackboard I won't be a hypocrite no
and he puts this to me
but when there are several cases in the grain it
is a fallacy it
is a fallacy to the populus that god
learn sometime in his life this
is a fallacy populosa telling as if
he were an intellectual don't be a
journalist he said if you have so many
complaints and the emptiness inside it already
presents when the river sounds water carries
what is said no
and the same day but in a
parallel reality that is based on  of course since I have
a lot of bad comments, well,
60 comments out of 40 bad ones that
means that from the heart, so from
here if I go to my last video, which is a
video about galas, has a thousand comments,
out of two thousand comments,
surely 1,500 are from fans, visited
every day, no, that doesn't mean that the one who is
right will give,
here he wants to leave me with very little
because I laugh at Dallas when he says
the ad populum fallacy and then I
use it, well, I'm not saying ad populum fallacy
but I am saying that, so it can't
be that because all the
comments on my videos are negative,
they are right, no, then it may
seem hypocritical, what happens is that
what I'm laughing at is Dallas
telling the journalist about that with
that arrogance and that [ __ ] he
has from above and that cousin
of his hair, I'm laughing at the way he
addresses journalists taking it
as if he were bread and butter, no, the only thing he's
missing is challenging the debates, no, it's
true that you can't say that one of
my videos doesn't have the  reason because it has more
dislikes or because it has more
negative comments but I'm also going to tell you
something else it
's the same it's the
same as what I say it's the same as what I say sometimes the same thing the case is
not the same case because
we're talking about a video with
hate comments and then we're
talking about reports of abuse it's the
same as me saying that it can't be that
I'm not right in a video because it
has many
negative comments that are surely from pan
bichitos okay for me to say that behind
dallas there has to be something when he
has so many reports I mean it's normal for
a person to have all his girlfriends
report him it's normal for a person to
end up badly with all his friends it
's normal for a person to have
problems with everything youtube is normal or I mean the same thing I'm
telling myself that it's the
same case with another
I'm comparing the fact that my
videos are filled with hate it seems full
of negative comments and that doesn't
mean that I'm not right because
when I'm criticizing another
youtube is bigger than me that has
a lot of depth it's normal that it gets filled with
manila  and other comments does that
mean that I'm not right, I think
not, now it's the same, it's the same to
think that Dallas
has something strange when all the
relationships end up reported by his
girlfriends and with all his friends he has
problems, it's a fallacy perhaps but it
's not strange, it
's not suspicious,
the suspicious does not mean that he is
right or that he is not but suspicious
is suspicious, it is in the same
hate comments,
in the same hate comments that
a person with all the girlfriends that he
breaks up, they report him for abuse
if Alfredo has four friends, I
Cabrera the big bomb
has the other one, I want it, the mother, the
friends that they have, people
fallacies, people, I don't know, it
's the same comparison that I'm
making in this video that
the corrector youtube is making to me, it's the
same one comparison with the other
if it were another case, yes, I could be guilty of being a
hypocrite, hey, listen to me, we all
contradict each other on some
occasion but nothing happens, okay, yes, it
sounds hypocritical, nothing happens, okay, well,
a mistake, but I don't see it, the
same thing comes out as a person, it
's the same  that a person who always
breaks up with ex-girlfriends
and I have
a complaint for abuse than me
saying that I don't have to well it's not the
same then I block him on corrector
youtube because I blocked him
then he blocked him
and now he starts retweeting things that go
against me you don't see that it burns I don't
know what happens every time I block
someone or it turns totally
against me okay because according to corrector
youtube he told me today in a comment
that we are not going to see it let's see I do
n't understand why you involve me in this
when I have nothing to do with it you
sent me a tweet and he wants to
retweet you because what I mean by
this that I mentioned there on correct
youtube is that now everyone who
retweeted and face tweeted which were
the most life life steps even an
option javi finally goes on that he [ __ ]
dallas a lot and whatever against
him we applaud come on come on
and whatever whatever
okay well now I want to see all these
bugs that retweeted and from Europe
and
yes they retweeted and gave fap it means
they have seen this video they have already
seen this video I want to see all
these pan visitors going to Dallas to
tell them why he lied to their
face saying that the video was
cut when here they have seen that it
was not cut
to that none of the bam visitors from here are
now going to go and tell Dallas that he
lied to their face
I will not say twin difap well you
want now that all these pan
visitors answer me Alfredo do
you think that all these pan
visitors are going to go now to tell
Dallas that it is a lie that they cut
the video that that part if they put it are
all these visitors going to go
tell them are they going to
go I
ask someone answer me do
you think that all these bugs that are
very few in comparison to the lay that
the video has I
thought that all these bugs
are going to go to put it on twitter
okay I want to see it they are
not going to go but well I want to see 172
pan visitors throwing it in Canada those who
have seen this video and  that they have taken you
for idiots in your face I
want to see it
172 bread visited they gave line h of tweets
I want to see it I want to see it
please I want to see it I'm
not going to
see it I know I'm not going to see it because they are not going to do it I know they are not going to
do it
and nothing what they give to corrector
I had sixth then corrector I had
that here I don't understand why regarding
mento and calm down I also
contradict myself very possibly more than
once a day but don't give it to you when
you are the first to expose
public contradictions that tweet was
following the joke a bit to is
was joking
this one was joking
how much bread visited they did not take
my argument as good when I told Dallas I don't
remember in which accusation that it was
joking how much bread visited how much bread
visited they laughed at that and said to the
joke now joke
how many how
much they told me to the joke
well now the corrector youtubers and
can use that it was joking now it
was joking now it was joking
and I don't dislike you I don't think he's a
bad person but  what you did yesterday
was disgusting and it is undeniable that is what
was to knit so like for example there
may be this it is not worth it wants me to
also respond to this because according to
this it is disgusting let's see why
I put this on Anaya tell us nothing since it
feels to have been once in the area of a
person that you love and that he uses you
like a rag does not want you in his
meetings of friends and kicks you out of the house and
that he also always chooses other women
instead of you well calm down the
story I am not going to make this video in the
end I could do it perfectly without
mentioning her and using the
name of a character that I invented
or whatever as I have done on other
occasions and she eats it with potatoes and I
could say many things against
her but for Mina, for Mina she
is already a pig, for Mina she is already a pig
and now you can go and say that a
sexist calls a woman a pig, I say it to
her, a woman the same as I would
say it to a man, okay, I say it to a
woman the
same as I would say it to a  man and for me
what she has done is nothing but being a
pig nobody has taken and has thrown a
video at me that was [ __ ] great
and has reported me because in the video she
mentioned her for 5 seconds and I say
this is naya and she appears with a photo
with a dallas cushion that they call me I would be
pissed off to have a dallas cushion okay I would be pissed off to
have a galar cushion and I
say I don't think her testimony was
very rational okay that in the five
seconds that I say about her and she threw it at me
claiming according to what they have told me on
YouTube claiming that I have published a
private photo of her
and she took
and welcomed and she threw the video at me as
if that photo is from her Instagram well she
took it to report me the video she
set her Instagram to private to
say that I have published a
private photo that is gross that is
gross
ok
what she has done is gross
and it is normal that I get pissed off and
want to dedicate a video to them that in fact
maybe I will do it without telling
personal things because many other things can be told
but this chick that you guys come
to me is that you are hypocrites in all
areas but it's [ __ ] awesome but it's
[ __ ] awesome that you come to me to complain about
this tweet because he attacked me personally
when I'm only threatening I have
n't done anything yet
okay and yet she has a video she has
a private video but I have the
video nothing remember that I
have the video and watch out for what's
going to fall on you remember that I have the video
and be very careful with what's going to
fall on you nothing be very careful with what's going to
fall on you I
have this video where in the
link she shares a private conversation
and ballet from Dallas and look at that
private conversation between Dallas and Mieres
okay that conversation between Dallas and Mieres
comes from Dallas' phone or one of two
or Dallas has published it or
Dallas has leaked it
and do it she lost her phone
someone found it someone took the
conversation and published it on
YouTube so you guys tell me is she a
pig or she's not a pig
and come to  me to tell me that I am that I am
disgusting for this that
I am a hypocrite bread visited what
[ __ ] hypocrites and as your feather duster is seen
I am a pig and I am disgusting for him alone and
she was not a pig when she published the
private conversations, I will not do it from me,
well, let you know and if there is someone else
here who witnessed that nobody uploaded
that video that I have the video and I
have screenshots of everything but if there is
someone else here who saw it if there is
someone else here who saw how nobody
uploaded that video and in the description that
later removed it and in the description put
the link to the conversation, well,
contrast with me please
contact me by email that I have to
talk to you if there are more people who
saw it, contact me, nobody is going to
pay me for the video, the video that you have
reported me and you are going to pay me, the part
that has reported me without reason, without
reason because those conversations to photos
that I put in my video are from your
instagram and like a pig that you are that
surely someone has taught you that
trick is worth like a pig that you
caught and me  has reported the photo has
reported the photo as if it were a
private photo and you put your
instagram on private to throw the
video at me
that is disgusting like everything she has
done in your life like everything she has
done in your life but don't worry you are going to
pay for everything you have done
calm down you are going to pay for everything you have
done beautiful you are going to pay for everything she has
done and the video you are going to
remember the video too thrown away you are going to
remember please if there are people there are more
people who saw how in it I
publish the conversation please let her
contact me
okay please let her contact
me this mercenary does what
Dallas asks her
and does what he asks her even if
Dallas treats her like a rag that is being
a mercenary ok corrector youtube and if
you think I'm a pig or that I'm disgusting that
I am toxic for having responded like that
after what she has done to me go to her and
tell her the same for what she has done to me and
for what she has done it is convenient to publish
their conversations okay